---
layout: post
comments: true
title:  "2019 in Review"
date:   2020-01-02 07:00:00 +0800
categories: self-improvement
tags: [retrospective]
---

I feel so excited about the new year/decade. It's kinda late for 2019 in review, because I just come back from the holiday in Korea. But anyway, just do it.

## What I did well

I did pretty good on making money:
- I got a better job with a higher salary and managed to save around 55% monthly income.
- I started to research and invest in the stock market.
- Have another income stream from publishing iOS apps. This means a lot to me, although the amount is tiny (still not enough for one Kopi every day).

Living healthier: eat fewer junk foods, go for exercise/activity with friends: walking, swimming, badminton).

Career: I joined Grab, working in much bigger scope than before, our team members are high-performance people, so I learned a lot in last 6 months (but to be honest, I was frightened and not sure if I can catch up). Now I'm not only doing iOS development tasks but also CI&CD tasks, which I have chances to research deeper about tools / Apple frameworks like xcodebuild, XCTest,... to improve our productivity.

Have one more close friend in Singapore.

Had some wonderful trips to Japan, Maldives, Australia, Korea.

## What can be improved

- Still spent too much money on gadgets, drinking and some other kinds of stuff that are not needed.
- Even though my investing produces good profit, it just because the stock market did well this year, not really from my knowledge. I still have a long way on the investing journey.
- I have a big problem with commitment, especially in learning English and exercise regularly. So my fitness and English speaking didn't improve much.
- For career, sometimes I still lack focus, then it causes me to work at night, which will harm my work-life balance and personal works.
- Had no trip with my mother.