---
layout: post
comments: true
title:  "My goals for Q1 2020"
date:   2020-01-03 23:00:00 +0800
categories: self-improvement
tags: [retrospective, goals]
---

Instead of setting goals for the whole year, I decided to do in smaller chunks to make this easier to do.

Here are things that I'll do in the next 3 months (Q1 2020)

### Learn English

Here comes the most stubborn goal of my life so far. Every year I tell myself I want to speak English fluently but never put enough time and effort to learn and practice. I'll make learning English becomes a habit and try to fill up my daily life with English by:

- Learn vocabulary, using the book **1100 words you need to know**. The lessons structured by weekly, 5 days per week and 5 words per day.
- Listen to podcasts on my commute. My favorite shows are BBC Learning English (6 minutes, vocabulary, grammar), Optimal Living Daily (financial, health, relationship).
- Read English books, blog posts, articles.
- Practice pronunciation using ELSA Speak app.
- Write daily journals in English.

### Build some good daily habits

- Wake up at 6 am.
- Meditate.
- Exercise at least 15 minutes. Pick one from yoga, walking, running, swimming, playing badminton, or just go to the gym in my condo.

### Finance

- Save and put at least $5000 to my investing account.
- Come up with a passive investing plan and execute it consistently.
- Continue to work on the SG4D+ app, release Big Sweep by end of January.

### Other aspirational goals

- Get the provisional driving license (PDL).
- Arrange 1 outdoor activity for my team.
- Have 1 sharing or workshop at work.
- Have coffee with my former product manager.
- Come up with a simple app idea, and implement a draft version using SwiftUI and Combine framework.